Okay, I have a few questions. Thank you so much for building this out by the way. Once I sign up for an Apple developer account, will it be easy to run the EAS build thing you tell me I need to run here? And will it also be easy to then set the Breeze API key as an EAS build secret? And is that stuff you can help with? Second question. now that we've done this will I no longer be able to view my app and kind of look at changes in expo go and if not what should I be using now instead of expo go and a third question I noticed that actually it seems like replit is now working a wee bit better is this because we've now offboarded some of the stuff on your servers yeah i'm curious because it does seem to be a bit snappier here on replit which is cool does this mean it's going to also be a bit cheaper for me now because i notice i've been just burning through tokens and been spending good good few hundred dollars building this app out and now last question i want to do a redesign in my onboarding screen, but I don't want to do it through you. I'm thinking maybe the best way to do it would be to go to like chat GBT 5.4 pro, which I have a subscription to. And if you were to give me the dimensions I need to design, you know, dimensions I need to give it to design an an onboarding screen that sort of makes a full-screen artwork of the app icon that we have. That would be, I think, ideal. Just something more artistic, less clip art, just something that looks... Like our onboarding screen looks shitty. I mean, compared to the rest of our app, which I think looks absolutely stunning. Um, yeah. So anyway, those are my questions. I've got one more actually. Um, I would like to add an animation and I don't want you to do this now. I just want you to give me advice here where currently if I click the balance on the home screen, it, you know, it disappears, becomes three dots and you get a tapped reveal. If you tap again, it reveals what I'd like to do though is create an animation where when you click it to disappear, it submerges almost like in water and and you see like a subtle splash effect. And then when you click it to reveal, then it reemerges from the water and you get another subtle splash effect. Is that... What would be the best way... Do I need to hire some designer for that? Would that be the best way to do that? Because it seems to be quite a... It's quite a subtle animation. I really love the design in a particular weather app. it's a boring software corporation but they make really beautiful apps and I'm hoping to what I'd really like to do is sort of use some of their really sleek design sense and bring that to the Bitcoin wallet space Thank you.